OSDOCS#12641: Reorganize and add docs for etcd recovery (#88498)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/dr-restoring-cluster-state-about.adoc

If you are able to retrieve data using the Kubernetes API server, then etcd is available and you should not restore using an etcd backup.
====

> Restoring etcd effectively takes a cluster back in time and all clients will experience a conflicting, parallel history. This can impact the behavior of watching components like kubelets, Kubernetes controller managers, persistent volume controllers, and OpenShift Operators, including the network Operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Restoring etcd effectively takes a cluster back in time and all clients will experience a conflicting, parallel history. This can impact the behavior of watching components like kubelets, Kubernetes controller managers, persistent volume controllers, and {product-title} Operators, including the network Operator.
```
